[WIP] Update restore instructions, add images of grafana dashboard (#343)
subquery/documentation: docs/subquery_network/kepler/indexers/become-an-indexer.md

docker-compose -f ./metrics/docker-compose-metrics.yml up -d
```

> Head to `http://localhost:3000`, your username will be `admin` and password will be whatever you set for `GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD`

Reviewer: [question] Should be `indexer-endpoint:3000` ?

Author: Ah yes it should be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Head to `http://<indexer-endpoint>:3000`, your username will be `admin` and password will be whatever you set for `GF_SECURITY_ADMIN_PASSWORD`
```
